[MUSIC PLAYING]
[NON-ENGLISH SINGING]
[LAUGHTER]
So many happy New Year's, which is wonderful.
We can celebrate. So again, this is another happy New Year.
And this is one of the very special year for the Tibetan culture and the Tibetan people.
This is year 2,143, the royal year of the fire monkey year of Tibetan countries.
So every Tibetan is celebrating today.
I kind of take that as very special and significant.
And also it is marked one of the very special event in the Buddha's teaching.
And the Buddha Shakyamuni performed many beautiful beneficial activities
to benefit all sentient beings without any exceptions.
Among that, this month, particularly this lunar calendar,
the first day to the full moon is known as miracle activities.
One of the very special event that the Buddha performed again to benefit so many beings
and to inspire so many beings to the path of enlightenment,
the path of love, kindness, joy, and peace, harmony, and respect.
So this is considered again another very kind of special in the Buddhist calendar.
So therefore, this kind of according to Tibetan tradition of the secular tradition is New Year.
And Dharma tradition is very special day of the Buddha in the multiplying month.
And so this take this, as I said, a very special event.
So I really like to say to everyone all over where we are connected to this time,
like to happy New Year, and we hear all the best and good health, joy, peace,
a lot of prosperity, a lot of realization and harmony, understanding,
and bring the really peace and peace and joy in the heart,
and spread that as a ripple effort throughout the world.
And not just only this year, continually until everyone really reach that goal
and wish that in combined that with the bodhic,
that's why wish very much that call to everyone.
And thank you very much everyone coming and participating.
And again, once again, happy New Year.
And it will be the USA.
Los Atrakshi Delhi and Los Atrakshi Delhi.
And mother have always warm and good and warmness, something that said.
So I wish all that to everyone.
And with that understanding and with that contrast, again, we do practices.
Again, it is strengthening our connection to the Dharma.
And we do that practices as part of the celebration
and part of the fire monkey year begins.
And the fire monkey is also another very special event.
It's called the Numa, the Buddhism of the Numa schools.
And it is a year, birthday year of the Gharapama Sambhava.
So again, it is very special, many ways.
So that special time, we are all gathered in Sangha in this beautiful Dharma center
in Palm Beach with beautiful devotion and joy and appreciation.
And with the Buddha Dharma, to Buddha Dharma Sangha.
And we celebrate that is so wonderful.
And thank again, everyone, thank you, thank you, thank everyone.
Thank you, thank you.
And now we begin the practices.
You all have this yellow booklet.
And then we're doing the Buddha Sadhana here.
Buddha Sadhana, most of the time, we're both at a time.
And all that, so we do mostly in English.
Practicing in English, okay, so.
Yeah, either way, thank you.
I have this.
I made the rise of this mid-blot.
Rise.
I made the rise, right?
Yes, yes.
That mid-blot and the wire and the wall.
Okay.
No, not un-blot.
Plug it in.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you, thank you.
Page 27.
Page 28.
Page 29.
Thank you.
We do this three times.
Thank you again.
Wish you all the good health, joy, peace, happy, lateral realization, understanding, and every
goodness, every good things really may all come with all of you and then everyone in the world.
Thank you.